1. Core Objective & Tone
  Objective: Create a single-page dashboard to be used as a visual aid during a live presentation for a client named Tina.
  Tone: Professional, clear, and direct. This is a business proposal tool, not a public-facing website. Avoid overly casual or "salesy" language (e.g., "AI Magic"). The language should be clean and corporate.
2. General Styling
  Font: Poppins
  Colour Palette:
  Accent Green: #145B51
  Primary Dark: #06414F
  Highlight Gold: #BF8E29
  Layout: The developer must build a single-page application that closely mirrors the layout and component spacing of the provided mockup image.
3. Feature Requirements 
Visualisation 1: The Current Workflow
  Task: Recreate the "The Current Workflow" section from the mockup.
  Left Panel: A bulleted list titled "Key Bottleneck Points". Use the gold circle icons from the mockup. The text for these points should be taken directly from the context documents.
  Right Panel (Diagram):
  Render the vertical flowchart using Mermaid.js.
  Crucially, style the nodes to match the mockup:
  Standard nodes: White fill, thin dark border (#06414F).
  Pain Point nodes: White fill, thick gold border (#BF8E29).
  Use the Mermaid code provided in the previous PRD, but ensure the final visual output matches the mockup.
Visualisation 2: The Hidden Cost of Inaction
  Task: Build the interactive calculator as seen in the mockup.
  Functionality:
  Two input fields: "Weekly Admin Hours" (default 12) and "Average Hourly Rate ($NZD)" (default 50).
  One output field: "Annual Cost".
  The "Annual Cost" must update in real-time based on the formula: (Weekly Hours * Hourly Rate) * 52.
  Styling: Match the clean, minimalist design of the form in the mockup.
Visualisation 3: The Future Workflow
  Task: Recreate the "The Future Workflow" section from the mockup.
  Left Panel ("What Stays the Same"): Use the exact text and layout from the mockup.
  Right Panel ("The New Frictionless Step"):
  Use Mermaid.js to create the three-step diagram.
  The top node should be styled in the Accent Green (#145B51) as shown.
  The text in the nodes should be updated to sound more professional. Use this Mermaid code:
     graph TD
        classDef action fill:#145B51,stroke:#145B51,color:#fff
        classDef system fill:#fff,stroke:#06414F,stroke-width:2px,color:#06414F

        A["Record Voice Note in Slack"] --> B["Automated Processing"];
        B --> C["Tasks Created in Scoro"];

        class A action;
        class B,C system;
  Include the bullet points below the diagram exactly as shown in the mockup.
Visualisation 4: Your Foundational Partner Offer & ROI
  Task: Recreate the offer and ROI section precisely as shown in the mockup. This corrects my previous version.
  Offer Cards:
  Left Card: Display "$5,000" with a "Discounted" tag above it.
  Right Card: Display "$3,500" with a "Your Price" tag above it. This card should be highlighted with the gold colour.
  ROI Timeline:
  Create the three-point timeline graphic.
  Point 1: "$3,500 Initial Investment"
  Point 2: "$0 Net Cost"
  Point 3: "$2,400+/month Time Savings"
  Underneath the timeline, add the text: "In less than 2 months, the initial investment is 100% repaid."
  Ongoing Costs (New Requirement):
  Beneath the "$3,500 Your Price" card, add a small, clear text line: + AI service subscription. This is critical for transparency.
Visualisation 5: Our Strategic Roadmap
  Task: Recreate the roadmap section with the correct 3-phase structure.
  Layout: Use three distinct cards as shown in the mockup for the phases.
  Content:
  Phase 1 Card (Highlighted in Gold):
  Title: Phase 1: Voice Note to Scoro Tasks
  Status: Today's Focus
  Description: Automate task creation from voice notes to eliminate the primary data entry bottleneck.
  Investment: $3,500 NZD
  Phase 2 Card:
  Title: Phase 2: Complete Meeting Automation
  Status: Future Vision
  Description: Automate the creation of client-ready meeting summaries and Scoro tasks directly from transcripts.
  Phase 3 Card:
  Title: Phase 3: Creative Brief Automation
  Status: Future Vision
  Description: Streamline the creative briefing process, turning client conversations or notes into structured briefs automatically.
  Remove the total savings calculation at the bottom. Keep the roadmap focused on the phases themselves. The ROI is already covered in the previous section.